What are you thinking about?
Brother Chen, I can't blame this on me
It's getting more and more painful
I'm going abroad tomorrow.
It's your birthday?
I won't accompany you to drink
I have a special gift for you
Let someone send you local coins later.
Master, do you really want to divorce the young lady?
I'm really not going to take him home
There will be no young lady in this family in the future
Don't keep talking about it
Sugar Treasure, I'll just wipe myself little by little
I'm really fine.
It's okay. It's okay.
Why don't I get out of bed and jump around for you?
You'll be fine
Okay, no matter what, it's okay
I must stay in the hospital for observation tonight
You have to listen to me
This is the man who made that woman die
I'd like to see it
What does he look like?
Who are you looking for, sir?
I married his boss
He is injured.
I have my husband by my side to ask for warmth